[OSCI][FEAT] Changelog Project - PoC Changelog and release notes automation tool - OpenSearch Dashboards (#5519)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards: .github/pull_request_template.md

  the functionality of your change
-->

## Changelog
<!--
Add each of the changelog entries as a line item in this section. e.g.
- fix: Updates the graph
- feat: Adds a new feature

If this change does not need to added to the changelog, just add a single `skip` line e.g.
- skip

Valid prefixes: breaking, chore, deprecate, doc, feat, fix, infra, refactor, test

> Descriptions following the prefixes must be 50 characters or less

Reviewer: Whats the reason for this limitation? Is it a technical limitation?

Author: Hi @ashwin-pc ,

The prefixes were the ones you suggested in your proposal, and we decided to follow them. Thinking is better to have a fixed categorization than an open-ended one. Regarding the second, we though that a comment for a description of a changeset should be concise, avoiding something really long. If not, a contributor can put a paragraph there which is something we would like to avoid, or not?

We are open to what you guys decide of course.

> <!--
> Add each of the changelog entries as a line item in this section. e.g.
> - fix: Updates the graph
> - feat: Adds a new feature
> 
> If this change does not need to added to the changelog, just add a single `skip` line e.g.
> - skip
> 
> Valid prefixes: breaking, chore, deprecate, doc, feat, fix, infra, refactor, test
> 
> Descriptions following the prefixes must be 50 characters or less

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!--
Add a short but concise sentence about the impact of this pull request. Prefix an entry with the type of change they correspond to: breaking, chore, deprecate, doc, feat, fix, infra, refactor, test.

- fix: Update the graph
- feat: Add a new feature
```

Author: Resolved! I also change the text for:

```Descriptions following the prefixes must be 50 characters or less```

to

```Descriptions following the prefixes must be 100 characters long or less```
